Now that’s Eatin’ Good in the Neighborhood.
in the Neighborhood. >>> IT’S BEEN NEARLY TWO WEEKS
>>> IT’S BEEN NEARLY TWO WEEKS SINCE MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY,
SINCE MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY, AND IT ALREADY MAY HAVE
AND IT ALREADY MAY HAVE TRIGGERED NEW INVESTIGATIONS.
TRIGGERED NEW INVESTIGATIONS. AS WE TOLD YOU HERE LAST NIGHT,
AS WE TOLD YOU HERE LAST NIGHT, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" FIRST
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" FIRST REPORTED THAT THE NEW YORK STATE
REPORTED THAT THE NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL SUBPOENAED
ATTORNEY GENERAL SUBPOENAED DEUTSCHE BANK AND INVESTORS BANK
DEUTSCHE BANK AND INVESTORS BANK FOR FINANCING RECORDS RELATED TO
FOR FINANCING RECORDS RELATED TO TRUMP ORGANIZATION PROJECTS, AND
TRUMP ORGANIZATION PROJECTS, AND ANOTHER LOAN TRUMP SOUGHT TO BUY
ANOTHER LOAN TRUMP SOUGHT TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS OF THE
THE BUFFALO BILLS OF THE NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE.
NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE. THE PRESIDENT CLEARLY UNHAPPY
THE PRESIDENT CLEARLY UNHAPPY WITH THE NEWS SAID TODAY, QUOTE,
WITH THE NEWS SAID TODAY, QUOTE, NEW YORK STATE AND ITS GOVERNOR
NEW YORK STATE AND ITS GOVERNOR ANDREW CUOMO ARE NOW PROUD
ANDREW CUOMO ARE NOW PROUD MEMBERS OF THE GROUP OF
MEMBERS OF THE GROUP OF PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. NO WONDER PEOPLE ARE FLEEING THE
NO WONDER PEOPLE ARE FLEEING THE STATE IN RECORD NUMBERS.
STATE IN RECORD NUMBERS. THE WITCH HUNT CONTINUES.
THE WITCH HUNT CONTINUES. LAST MONTH COHEN TESTIFIED ABOUT
LAST MONTH COHEN TESTIFIED ABOUT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, YOU’LL
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, YOU’LL RECALL TRUMP GAVE TO DEUTSCHE
RECALL TRUMP GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK.
BANK. >> I AM GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE
>> I AM GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S
TODAY THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM 2011, 2012, AND 202013,
FROM 2011, 2012, AND 202013, WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK
WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO INQUIRY ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY
TO INQUIRY ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS AND FORBES.
THE BUFFALO BILLS AND FORBES. IT’S MY ESTIMATION THAT TRUMP
IT’S MY ESTIMATION THAT TRUMP INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS WHEN
INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS WHEN IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES, SUCH AS
IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES, SUCH AS TRYING TO BE LISTED AMONGST THE
TRYING TO BE LISTED AMONGST THE WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN FORBES, AND
WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN FORBES, AND DEFLATED HIS ASSETS TO REDUCE
DEFLATED HIS ASSETS TO REDUCE HIS REAL ESTATE TAXES.
HIS REAL ESTATE TAXES. >> JUST LAST WEEK, NBC NEWS
>> JUST LAST WEEK, NBC NEWS REPORTED THE NEW YORK STATE
REPORTED THE NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES SUBPOENAED THE TRUMP
SUBPOENAED THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S INSURANCE COMPANY
ORGANIZATION’S INSURANCE COMPANY AS PART OF AN INVESTIGATION INTO
AS PART OF AN INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP’S BUSINESSES.
TRUMP’S BUSINESSES. OUR REPORTING FOLLOWED THIS
OUR REPORTING FOLLOWED THIS EXCHANGE BETWEEN COHEN AND
EXCHANGE BETWEEN COHEN AND CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ.
OCASIO-CORTEZ. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED
PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY?
ASSETS TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY? >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE
>> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE PRESIDENT DID THIS?
PRESIDENT DID THIS? >> ALLEN WEISSELBERG, RON
>> ALLEN WEISSELBERG, RON LIEBERMAN, AND MATTHEW CALAMARI.
LIEBERMAN, AND MATTHEW CALAMARI. >> AND WHERE WILL THE COMMITTEE
>> AND WHERE WILL THE COMMITTEE FIND MORE INFORMATION ON THIS?
FIND MORE INFORMATION ON THIS? DO YOU THINK WE NEED TO REVIEW
DO YOU THINK WE NEED TO REVIEW HIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND HIS
HIS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND HIS TAX RETURNS IN ORDER TO COMPARE
TAX RETURNS IN ORDER TO COMPARE THEM?
THEM? >> YES.
>> YES. AND YOU WOULD FIND IT AT THE
AND YOU WOULD FIND IT AT THE TRUMP ORG.
TRUMP ORG. >> WITH US TO TALK ABOUT IT,
>> WITH US TO TALK ABOUT IT, DAVID FERRANLE THAT, PULITZER
DAVID FERRANLE THAT, PULITZER PRIZE WINNING "WASHINGTON POST"
PRIZE WINNING "WASHINGTON POST" REPORTER WHO HAPPENS TO COVER
REPORTER WHO HAPPENS TO COVER THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESSES AND
THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESSES AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. HE IS VERY BUSY GENERALLY, AND
HE IS VERY BUSY GENERALLY, AND HAS BEEN REPORTING ON THE NEW
HAS BEEN REPORTING ON THE NEW YORK AG’S NEW INVESTIGATION
YORK AG’S NEW INVESTIGATION SPECIFICALLY TODAY.
SPECIFICALLY TODAY. AND JEREMY BASH, FORMER CHIEF OF
AND JEREMY BASH, FORMER CHIEF OF STAFF AT THE CIA AND PENTAGON,
STAFF AT THE CIA AND PENTAGON, AND IMPORTANTLY, FORMER CHIEF
AND IMPORTANTLY, FORMER CHIEF COUNCIL TO HOUSE INTEL.
COUNCIL TO HOUSE INTEL. GENTLEMEN, WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
GENTLEMEN, WELCOME TO YOU BOTH. DAVID, A VERY BASIC QUESTION.
DAVID, A VERY BASIC QUESTION. TELL US ABOUT THIS NEW YORK
TELL US ABOUT THIS NEW YORK INVESTIGATION, AND FOLKS MAY
INVESTIGATION, AND FOLKS MAY WANT TO KNOW HOW IT IS THAT
WANT TO KNOW HOW IT IS THAT THERE WERE INVESTIGATION
THERE WERE INVESTIGATION HERETOFORE UNKNOWN AND UNOPENED
HERETOFORE UNKNOWN AND UNOPENED THAT WAITED FOR THE COHEN
THAT WAITED FOR THE COHEN TESTIMONY TO BE TRIGGERED?
TESTIMONY TO BE TRIGGERED? >> WELL, THE INTERESTING THING
>> WELL, THE INTERESTING THING ABOUT COHEN WAS THAT HE’S GIVEN
ABOUT COHEN WAS THAT HE’S GIVEN INVESTIGATORS SORT OF A CONCRETE
INVESTIGATORS SORT OF A CONCRETE SPECIFIC THING TO LOOK FOR.
SPECIFIC THING TO LOOK FOR. THERE HAD BEEN QUESTIONS SORT OF
THERE HAD BEEN QUESTIONS SORT OF GENERALIZED QUESTIONS ABOUT
GENERALIZED QUESTIONS ABOUT TRUMP’S RELATIONSHIP WITH HIS
TRUMP’S RELATIONSHIP WITH HIS INSURERS AND TRUMP’S
INSURERS AND TRUMP’S RELATIONSHIP WITH DEUTSCHE BANK
RELATIONSHIP WITH DEUTSCHE BANK BEFORE.
BEFORE. WHAT COHEN HAS DONE IS GIVEN
WHAT COHEN HAS DONE IS GIVEN THEM SOMETHING CONCRETE.
THEM SOMETHING CONCRETE. THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WRITTEN DOWN DOCUMENTS THAT
WRITTEN DOWN DOCUMENTS THAT ACCORDING TO COHEN INFLATED
ACCORDING TO COHEN INFLATED TRUMP’S ASSETS AND GAVE HIM THE
TRUMP’S ASSETS AND GAVE HIM THE BENEFITS OF GETTING A LOAN THAT
BENEFITS OF GETTING A LOAN THAT MAYBE HE DIDN’T DESERVE, OR
MAYBE HE DIDN’T DESERVE, OR GETTING INSURANCE PREMIUMS THAT
GETTING INSURANCE PREMIUMS THAT WERE LOWER THAN HE DESERVED.
WERE LOWER THAN HE DESERVED. SO THAT’S A SPECIFIC THING TO
SO THAT’S A SPECIFIC THING TO LOOK INTO.
LOOK INTO. I THINK THAT HAS ALLOWED THE
I THINK THAT HAS ALLOWED THE INVESTIGATORS TO NARROW THEIR
INVESTIGATORS TO NARROW THEIR FOCUS, BUT IT ALSO GIVES THEM A
FOCUS, BUT IT ALSO GIVES THEM A REASON TO ASK FOR SOMETHING.
REASON TO ASK FOR SOMETHING. GIVEN THAT SPECIFIC FOCUS THAT
GIVEN THAT SPECIFIC FOCUS THAT COHEN GAVE THEM, THEY SEEM TO
COHEN GAVE THEM, THEY SEEM TO HAVE LEAPT QUICKLY INTO
HAVE LEAPT QUICKLY INTO INVESTIGATIONS OF BOTH TRUMP’S
INVESTIGATIONS OF BOTH TRUMP’S LENDERS AND HIS INSURERS.
LENDERS AND HIS INSURERS. >> JEREMY BASH, IF YOU HAD
>> JEREMY BASH, IF YOU HAD PRESENTED DONALD TRUMP AT THE
PRESENTED DONALD TRUMP AT THE START OF HIS PRESIDENCY WITH A
START OF HIS PRESIDENCY WITH A LIST OF LET’S CALL IT 99
LIST OF LET’S CALL IT 99 POTENTIAL PROBLEMS, NUMBER 99
POTENTIAL PROBLEMS, NUMBER 99 MIGHT HAVE BEEN HIS ATTEMPT TO
MIGHT HAVE BEEN HIS ATTEMPT TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS.
BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS. AND YEPT WE SEE BECAUSE OF THE
AND YEPT WE SEE BECAUSE OF THE NATURE OF THIS CASE, STATE
NATURE OF THIS CASE, STATE VERSUS FEDERAL AND THE POWER OF
VERSUS FEDERAL AND THE POWER OF STATE INVESTIGATIONS, THIS ONE
STATE INVESTIGATIONS, THIS ONE COULD RISE TO TAKE ITS PLACE
COULD RISE TO TAKE ITS PLACE AMONG THE BEST KNOWN
AMONG THE BEST KNOWN INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS PRESIDENT
INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENCY THUS FAR.
AND PRESIDENCY THUS FAR. >> YEAH, I THINK WE’RE LOOKING
>> YEAH, I THINK WE’RE LOOKING AT JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG,
AT JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG, BRIAN.
BRIAN. OF COURSE FOR A REAL ESTATE
OF COURSE FOR A REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER, FILLING OUT FINANCIAL
DEVELOPER, FILLING OUT FINANCIAL FORMS AND ASKING FOR LOANS FROM
FORMS AND ASKING FOR LOANS FROM BANKS IS KIND OF WHAT YOU DO
BANKS IS KIND OF WHAT YOU DO EVERY MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY.
EVERY MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY. SO THERE ARE PROBABLY TENS,
SO THERE ARE PROBABLY TENS, DOZENS, MAYBE SCORES OF SUCH
DOZENS, MAYBE SCORES OF SUCH DOCUMENTS THAT THE TRUMP
DOCUMENTS THAT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION FILLED OUT DURING
ORGANIZATION FILLED OUT DURING THE RELEVANT TIME FRAME.
THE RELEVANT TIME FRAME. I THINK WHAT HAPPENED IS THAT
I THINK WHAT HAPPENED IS THAT MICHAEL COHEN KIND OF KEPT
MICHAEL COHEN KIND OF KEPT HARDCOPIES OF THREE PARTICULAR
HARDCOPIES OF THREE PARTICULAR DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY RELATED
DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY RELATED TO THE BILLS OPPORTUNITY, BUT
TO THE BILLS OPPORTUNITY, BUT THEY WERE FROM JUST THREE YEARS.
THEY WERE FROM JUST THREE YEARS. AND I THINK WHEN INVESTIGATORS
AND I THINK WHEN INVESTIGATORS DIG INTO THIS, WHETHER THOSE
DIG INTO THIS, WHETHER THOSE INVESTIGATORS ARE FROM THE
INVESTIGATORS ARE FROM THE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S OFFICE,
ATTORNEY GENERAL’S OFFICE, WHETHER THEY’RE FROM THE
WHETHER THEY’RE FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, OR WHETHER THEY’RE FROM THE
OR WHETHER THEY’RE FROM THE HOUSE FINANCIAL SERVICES
HOUSE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE, THERE ARE GOING TO BE
COMMITTEE, THERE ARE GOING TO BE A LOT OF DOCUMENTS TO GO
A LOT OF DOCUMENTS TO GO THROUGH, A LOT OF WITNESSES TO
THROUGH, A LOT OF WITNESSES TO INTERVIEW.
INTERVIEW. >> AND DAVID, THE PRESIDENT
>> AND DAVID, THE PRESIDENT FAMOUSLY SAID HIS FAMILY BE A RE
FAMOUSLY SAID HIS FAMILY BE A RE IMAGINE HOW IT FEELS TO BE ALL
IMAGINE HOW IT FEELS TO BE ALL THESE OTHER THIRD PARTIES, THESE
THESE OTHER THIRD PARTIES, THESE BUSINESSES WHO NOW SEE THEIR
BUSINESSES WHO NOW SEE THEIR NAMES IN PRINT AND IN LIGHTS AND
NAMES IN PRINT AND IN LIGHTS AND ARE NOW GOING TO GET DRAGGED
ARE NOW GOING TO GET DRAGGED THROUGH THIS INVESTIGATION,
THROUGH THIS INVESTIGATION, WHETHER THEY LIKE IT OR NOT.
WHETHER THEY LIKE IT OR NOT. WRONGDOING OR NOTHING.
WRONGDOING OR NOTHING. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. THOSE THIRD PARTY, AND WE’RE
THOSE THIRD PARTY, AND WE’RE TALKING IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE
TALKING IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE ABOUT AEON, THE INSURANCE BROKER
ABOUT AEON, THE INSURANCE BROKER AND DEUTSCHE BANK.
AND DEUTSCHE BANK. THOSE THIRD PARTIES ARE HUGELY
THOSE THIRD PARTIES ARE HUGELY IMPORTANT TO ME BECAUSE AS YOU
IMPORTANT TO ME BECAUSE AS YOU SAID, THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS
SAID, THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS GOING TO FIGHT TOOTH AND NAIL TO
GOING TO FIGHT TOOTH AND NAIL TO KEEP ALL THIS DATA SECRET.
KEEP ALL THIS DATA SECRET. THAT’S WHAT IT WAS BUILT TO DO.
THAT’S WHAT IT WAS BUILT TO DO. BUT IF YOU’RE AEON, IF YOU’RE
BUT IF YOU’RE AEON, IF YOU’RE DEUTSCHE BANK, YOU MAY HAVE A
DEUTSCHE BANK, YOU MAY HAVE A CALCULUS WHERE YOU SAY AM I
CALCULUS WHERE YOU SAY AM I GOING TO GO DOWN FOR DONALD
GOING TO GO DOWN FOR DONALD TRUMP OR DEFEND DONALD TRUMP’S
TRUMP OR DEFEND DONALD TRUMP’S SECRECY OR COOPERATE WITH THE
SECRECY OR COOPERATE WITH THE CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. THOSE THIRD PARTIES KNOW A LOT
THOSE THIRD PARTIES KNOW A LOT ABOUT DONALD TRUMP AND WHAT HE’S
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP AND WHAT HE’S REPRESENTED TO THEM OVER THE
REPRESENTED TO THEM OVER THE YEARS.
YEARS. IF THEY DECIDE THEIR INTEREST
IF THEY DECIDE THEIR INTEREST ISN’T COOPERATING IN NOT
ISN’T COOPERATING IN NOT PROTECTING DONALD TRUMP’S
PROTECTING DONALD TRUMP’S SECRETS, A LOT MORE COULD COME
SECRETS, A LOT MORE COULD COME OUT INTO THE OPEN.
OUT INTO THE OPEN. >> ALSO, DAVID, AN ASTERISK.
>> ALSO, DAVID, AN ASTERISK. THIS PRESIDENT, AS YOU
THIS PRESIDENT, AS YOU WELL-KNOWN AND HAVE REPORTED ON,
WELL-KNOWN AND HAVE REPORTED ON, HIS PRESS COVERAGE IS SO
HIS PRESS COVERAGE IS SO IMPORTANT TO HIM THAT A SET OF
IMPORTANT TO HIM THAT A SET OF THESE STATEMENTS WERE GIVEN TO
THESE STATEMENTS WERE GIVEN TO FORBES BECAUSE WHY THEY RANK
FORBES BECAUSE WHY THEY RANK THEIR ANNUAL LISTING OF
THEIR ANNUAL LISTING OF WEALTHIEST PEOPLE.
WEALTHIEST PEOPLE. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. THE MAIN USAGE OF THIS -- THERE
THE MAIN USAGE OF THIS -- THERE WERE THREE MAIN USE, INSURER,
WERE THREE MAIN USE, INSURER, LENDERS, AND FORBES.
LENDERS, AND FORBES. ONE OF THE FUNNY THING ABOUT
ONE OF THE FUNNY THING ABOUT THESE STATEMENTS, IF YOU READ
THESE STATEMENTS, IF YOU READ THEM IN FULL, THE FULL COPY OF
THEM IN FULL, THE FULL COPY OF THEM INCLUDES SORT OF A TWO-PAGE
THEM INCLUDES SORT OF A TWO-PAGE CAVEAT FROM TRUMP’S ACCOUNTANTS
CAVEAT FROM TRUMP’S ACCOUNTANTS AT THE BEGINNING SAYING
AT THE BEGINNING SAYING BASICALLY, DON’T BELIEVE ANY OF
BASICALLY, DON’T BELIEVE ANY OF THIS.
THIS. WE WROTE IT ALL DOWN, BUT WE
WE WROTE IT ALL DOWN, BUT WE DIDN’T CHECK ANY OF THIS.
DIDN’T CHECK ANY OF THIS. THAT CAME WITH THE STATEMENT,
THAT CAME WITH THE STATEMENT, YOU MAY BE LESS INCLINED TO
YOU MAY BE LESS INCLINED TO BELIEVE IT.
BELIEVE IT. HOW MANY OF THAT CAVEAT TRUMP
HOW MANY OF THAT CAVEAT TRUMP SHOWED TO PEOPLE HE WAS TRYING
SHOWED TO PEOPLE HE WAS TRYING TO IMPRESS.
TO IMPRESS. >> JEREMY, GOING BACK TO YOUR
>> JEREMY, GOING BACK TO YOUR EXPERIENCE ON THE HILL AND HOUSE
EXPERIENCE ON THE HILL AND HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE, DO THEY HAVE
INTEL COMMITTEE, DO THEY HAVE VIRTUALLY UNFETTERED ABILITY TO
VIRTUALLY UNFETTERED ABILITY TO GO AFTER AND ASK QUESTIONS OF
GO AFTER AND ASK QUESTIONS OF WHATEVER THIRD PARTIES THEY
WHATEVER THIRD PARTIES THEY DECIDE ON?
DECIDE ON? >> WELL, THEY HAVE A WIDE
>> WELL, THEY HAVE A WIDE JURISDICTION, PARTICULARLY IF
JURISDICTION, PARTICULARLY IF IT’S IN THE CONTEXT OF AN
IT’S IN THE CONTEXT OF AN INVESTIGATION OVER WHICH FOREIGN
INVESTIGATION OVER WHICH FOREIGN POWERS MAY HAVE LEVERAGE OVER
POWERS MAY HAVE LEVERAGE OVER THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND FUNDAMENTALLY OVER AMERICAN
FUNDAMENTALLY OVER AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY.
FOREIGN POLICY. AND IF THE THEORY OF THE CASE IS
AND IF THE THEORY OF THE CASE IS THAT, FOR EXAMPLE, RUSSIAN
THAT, FOR EXAMPLE, RUSSIAN SOURCES OF CAPITAL WERE
SOURCES OF CAPITAL WERE LAUNDERING MONEY THROUGH
LAUNDERING MONEY THROUGH DEUTSCHE BANK AND THAT MONEY WAS
DEUTSCHE BANK AND THAT MONEY WAS FINDING ITS WAY INTO THE TRUMP
FINDING ITS WAY INTO THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION TO FUEL SOME REAL
ORGANIZATION TO FUEL SOME REAL ESTATE PROJECTS, THEN I THINK
ESTATE PROJECTS, THEN I THINK THE CHAIRMAN HAS GROUNDS TO
THE CHAIRMAN HAS GROUNDS TO ISSUE SUBPOENAS TO THOSE LENDERS
ISSUE SUBPOENAS TO THOSE LENDERS AND THOSE THIRD PARTIES.
AND THOSE THIRD PARTIES. NOW WHETHER THEY COOPERATE OR
NOW WHETHER THEY COOPERATE OR NOT, THAT’S A DIFFERENT STORY.
NOT, THAT’S A DIFFERENT STORY. I TEND TO THINK THOSE WHO WANT
I TEND TO THINK THOSE WHO WANT ACCESS TO THE AMERICAN FINANCIAL